SPCTR-2481 Fix: Modal - Info box as a innerBlock not loading in modal block when gutenberg is activated. (#2814)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Fix: Global - Excluded BR Tags from buttons' text.
* Fix: Global - Cartflows templates throw an error in the editor's Spectra Page Settings.
* Fix: Global - Fonts was not loading on 404 page when Spectra blocks used in Astra theme's header/footer.

> * Fix: Modal - Info box as a innerBlock not loading in modal block when gutenberg is activated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Modal - Info box as a inner block not loading in the Modal block when Gutenberg is activated.
```

Author: Added
